with us playing band was calm
street new and owner of the games and today
I'm here with you for a new video
fights
This is what it will be with beating faults in
top of the barrier
it is for you who do not know that you are new
already had an episode of how to hit faults
and it was over the keeper then
I advise you to attend to you
learn all the different methods and the
link will be in the video description
so let's start now
The method that I'm going to show you.
today is effective in this area that I take
I'm calling now on the big screen.
square for this method I'm going to use the
ronaldinho one of the best collectors of
and the world after they have
watched this video I advise you
train this technique with your collector
because it's a bit different with each one
but here the levels you see are 78
of force 88 of aim and 90 of curve the most
important here is bend and look near the
large area humiliates slightly to the side
of the beam
vote back two bars of force and
tic the left tic up to
the right side is good to have a player
down and left one left-handed player
but if you will not tell
Charge, no problem, I'll go.
explain how to do it here with you guys are
seeing is further away and the only thing that
change is the force then put some more
two bars like the video here
and for kicking further into charges
in the center of the field this method is not the
better then I'll show the other method
in the next video here in the middle near the
large area you have to put a little
less than two bars of force since it is
very close to the goal me a little on the side of the
and as directed before
left up
here is no example but if it is
beating with the other is you look exactly
on the other side of the side beam style
the same thing got me a little to the right of the
if the player is right-handed or a
little corner of the brake if gained
the boot around two bars of force
depending on the player and let the cyc
left up
As you can see, you can not
hit the first goal
so I advise you to train with your
collector of the team in the next video of
I will learn to fight you.
how to hit from a distance and how to hit
Curve is like I told you in the
beginning the victor sorority robinho has done
an episode of fighting fouls then
I advise you are watching the video and
Of course all the links are in the description
below the video
So that's all it is people, please leave
a jewel that helps a lot in publicizing the
channel and follow us on Twitter
I'll see you guys next time.